Population Unit Types:
0 - Citizen
1 - Slave
2 - Tribesman
3 - Nomad
4 - Corpse

Province Types:

0: Fertile
1: Infertile
2: Permanently Fertile
3: Permanently Infertile

territories - pixel coords in province
id - province id
neighbors - neighboring provinces
sea - seazone it's attached to, False if not coastal
fertile - fertile pixel coords
infertile - infertile pixel coords
typ - type of province(see above)
abstract_neighbors - abstract neighbor modifier for cellular automaton
age - turns the province existed for(for reference)
modifiers - list of modifiers
unrest - province unrest
buildings - farms, banks
garrison - number of soldiers garrisoned in the province
Stockpile - money stockpile
foodstore - food store

population_unit Variables:
Local Global Variables:
	population_units - all IDS of PU
	curid - placeholder for current id
Instance Variables:
	stats - STR,INV,ATR
	hp - health of PU
	desire - desire of PU to reproduce
	culture - culture of PU
	religion - religion of PU
	zeal - zeal of PU
	ethnicity - ethnicity of PU
	language - language of PU
	typ - Type of PU
	id - ID of PU
	language_shift - % by which PU picked up official country language
	religion_shift - % by which PU picked up official country religion
	culture_shift - % by which PU picked up official country culture

Religion Variables:
LGVs:
	religions - all Religions
	curid - placeholder for current id
Instance Variables:
	stats - stat bonuses
	zeal - zeal bonus
	name - name of religion
	id
Culture Variables:
LGVs:
	cultures - all Cultures
	curid - placeholder for current id
Instance Variables:
	stats - stat bonuses
	name - name of culture
	followers - number of PUs following culture
	id
Ethnicity Variables - DITTO as Cultures
	(members - number of PUs of this ethnicity)
Language Variables:
LGVs: 
	languages - all Languages
	name - name of Ethnicity
	curid - placeholder for current id
Instance Variables:
	name - Language name
	inv - bonus to inventiveness(complexity of language)
	atr - bonus to attractiveness(beauty of language)
	id
Government Class Variables:
	LGVs:
		governments - all governments
		curid - placeholder for next id to generate
	Instance Variables:
		food - amount of food
		money - money
		id - id
		culture - accepted culture
		language - accepted language
		religion - state religion
		ethnicity - accepted ethnicity
		state - type of control(Player, different AIs)
		edict_length - how long edict lasted(needs to have lasted at least 10 turns to
		be changed)
		edict - the edict
		messages - messages to government
		focus - national focus
		territories - territories
		soldiers - soldiers in army
		research - Research techs
		discovered - discovered provinces
		color - color of country
		research_levels - levels of Military,Bureaucratic and Cultural technology
		research_progress - progress of corresponding research
		assimilation_bonus - SE
		combat_bonus
		teaching_bonus
		name
		notifications - AI only, notifications concerning what they may do next
Province Modifiers:

1. Settlement Effort
2. Civilization Effort
3. Enslavement Effort
4. Liberation Effort
5. Assimilation Effort
6. Conversion Effort
7. Language Teaching
8. Ethnic Cleansing

Government States:
0 - Player
1 - Culture-Oriented AI
2 - Religion-Oriented AI
3 - Conquest-Oriented AI
4 - Scientific-Oriented AI

Government Focuses:
0 - Culture
1 - Religion
2 - Conquest
3 - Science

Science:
0 - Proto-Statehood - 1000
1 - Construction - 5000
2 - National Focus - 50,000
3 - Social Hierarchy - 10,000
4 - Economy - 100,000
5 - Bureaucracy - 500,000
6 - Professional Army - 1,000,000

Commands:
1. build
2. statistics PLAYERS ONLY
3. pick focus
4. research info PLAYERS ONLY
5. collect taxes
6. issue edict
7. research
8. draw map PLAYERS ONLY
9. show messages PLAYERS ONLY
10. clear messages PLAYERS ONLY

Expansion Types:
0 -  Maritime - Can easily expand via coasts
1 -  Land - Can easily expand via land(starts with Naval Range 0), but cheaper to expand.

Custom Nation Notation:
Name of Nation
Starting Coordinates
Color
Culture Name
Religion Name
Ethnicity Name
Language Name
Expansion Type


Relation Notation:
country1 - ID of Subject Country
country2 - ID of Country that receives the Relation(e.g. If a Vassal-Overlord relationship, country2 would be vassal)
points - List of Points between the countries' relationship.
length - How long the relationship has lasted

Points Notation:
0 - Non-Aggression Pact - Country1 cannot declare war on country2
1 - Defense Pact - If country1 is declared war on, country2 will join them. Doesn't apply if the country declares an offensive war
2 - Offense Pact - If country1 declares war on another, country2 will join them. Doesn't apply if the country has a war declared on it(i.e. fights a defensive war)
3 - Tribute - Country2 pays 15% of its income to Country1
4 - Famine Relief - If one country's PUs are starving and the other country can afford it, they can send them food(doesn't necessarily go both ways)
5 - Annexation Rights - Country1 has the right to annex Country2(Technically speaking a Vassal)
6 - Technology Sharing - If either country has superior Bureaucratic, Cultural or Military technology, the other will instantly catch up. This DOESN'T apply to individual technologies
7 - Levies - Country2 will give country1 10% of all their gained manpower
8 - Vassal - Country2 acknowledges that Country1 is its overlord.

War Notation:
Side1 - List of country IDs fighting on one side, List of [Countryid,points]
Side2 - List of country IDs fighting on other side, List of [Countryid,points]
occupied_territories - List of Occupied territories in following notation: [Territory,Occupier,Owner]
If a Master country capitulates, all of its Vassals will capitulate as well. 

Once all the countries of one side have capitulated, the winning side will get to make demands. These demands are:
1. Annex - The Country is given a list of provinces it can annex, but can only be annexed if the country has discovered it AND it is Adjacent OR The province is coastal AND IS OF THE SAME SEAZONE
as the demanding country.
2. Vassalise - The Country vassalises a chosen country. This can only be done if one of the Vassalised Territory's Provinces is Discovered by the demanding country. A Demanding country can only
vassalise one country. Once this choice is picked, the country finishes. 

All of the above demands require a certain number of "points", acquired by occupying Provinces
and fighting winning battles. Countries that directly cause an enemy to capitulate will gain 50
points(even if other countries previously weakened it!). Countries that win a winning fight will
gain the square root of the difference between their and the enemy's losses. Countries that
occupy a province will gain points equivalent to the province's number of building slots. 

